changelog v1.22.0 (#692)
fusedio/fused-docs: docs/python-sdk/changelog.mdx

# Changelog

## v1.22.0 (2025-08-18)

**New Features:**
- Free tier is now open for all. Signing in to Fused now gives you access to a shared, free compute environment with a daily quota.
- New simplified UDF editor layout. The previous UDF editor with map view is still available as the *Advanced UDF editor*.

**Improvements:**

> - Added inline AI editing features as an experimental feature.

Reviewer: We decided to bring this in directly after doing some fixes 
```suggestion
- New inline AI editing features allows to do single or multi line edits 
```

- Added `@`-sign to select context in AI chat.
- Added profile selection in AI chat.
- Added new models to AI chat.
- AI chat context will understand the results history.
- Many adjustments to AI prompts.
- Table widget has more filter capabilities.
- Many widgets now load via Parquet for faster and better loading.

> - UDF list has had many buttons consolidated into the three dot menu.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- UDF list has had many buttons consolidated into the three dot menu in Advanced view 
```
